Download Link: https://assignmentchef.com/product/solved-solution-directors-request-for-pcs-case-study-part-1-and-part-2
<br>
You will meet the Director’s requirements that are described on this pageby creating and submitting a Word Table (Part 1), an Access Database (Part2); and a PowerPoint Presentation (Part 3). These 3 assignments are dueon separate dates. See the Course Schedule for due dates.Case Study – Director’s RequirementsYour office has outgrown its old desktop machines and is in the market for newPCs, but would like some guidance on what to purchase. The Director wants toensure that the office obtains PC machines that meet the requirements statedbelow. You, as an employee of a small educational company, have been taskedto buy 5 PCs and associated equipment for the office. You only need todetermine the specifications for ONE PC, not five. The office will likely buy five ofthe same computer model/configurations you propose.The Director has defined some capabilities that the PCs will need to have toensure optimal performance. These tasks and system needs are collectively theoffice’s requirements. The requirements are as follows:1. Create documents, spreadsheets, presentations, and send and receiveemail. 2. Participate in online video conferences, web courses and forums (theDirector is a part-time professor at a local university). 3. Create and edit audio and video files and share video and audio files via emails, instant messaging, and in chat rooms via mobile devices. 4. Create small databases to manage all audio, video and photo data. 5. Take high quality digital photos and videos and download them to the PC as well as scan and edit the photos and videos. Manipulate/edit various image and video formats (in the relevant table, please specify at leasttwo image and two video formats that can be accommodated by your solution(s)). . 6. Print documents to include photo quality color printing. 7. Manipulate pdf files, including editing pdfs, conversion from pdf to Wordand vice versa. 8. Transfer information (audio, video and photos) between PC machines. 9. Manage the Director’s schedule by using an online calendar and day planner. 10. Utilize the internet to make online purchases, conduct banking services and research new audio, video and photo editing methods using abroadband service (in the relevant table, please specify service provider). 11. Connect all required peripheral devices you deem necessary to thesystem unit. 12. Protect the PC and all components from dirty electrical power including under voltage (brownout or blackout) and overvoltage (power surge orspike). 13. Manage and protect the system, data, and information while working on the Internet including scanning all incoming emails, email attachments,and files downloaded from Web-based sources; firewall, virus and spyware (security) protection; and checking websites for phishing and fraudulent activities. Your specification must address each of the 13 items listed in the requirements._________________________________________________________________

Part 2: Provider Database (MS Access)

For a review of the complete rubric used in grading this exercise, click on the Assignments tab, then on the title Case Study Part 2 – Provider Database (Access)– click on Show Rubrics if the rubric is not already displayed.

As you recall, data is a collection of facts (numbers, text, even audio and video files) that is processed into usable information. Much like a spreadsheet, a database is a collection of such facts that you can then slice and dice in various ways to extract information or make decisions. However, the advantage and primary use of a database over a spreadsheet is its ability to handle a large volume of data and yet allow for quick access to the information that is desired.

Databases are everywhere now and impact our lives in a multitude of ways. It can accurately be said that “your life is in a database” or, more accurately, in multiple databases, and information about you (a retrieval of facts about you) is easily accessible. Your shopping history, credit history, medical history, even your driving history, is stored in one or more databases.

This exercise will introduce you to the basic building blocks of any database – fields, records, and files (also called tables). Although you will create a database with a single table containing a small amount of data about computer component Providers, the more applicable use of databases involves the creation of many tables linked together with a common field or “key.” Regardless of the size of the database, the data is stored in the same way – in fields which are combined to create a record. And those records are stored in a file or table. The data is entered into the field via a data entry form, and the information is extracted (to answer a particular question or need) via reports and/or queries. Specific instructions for the project can be found in the table below.

Create a provider database and related reports and queries to capture contact information for potential PC component providers that might be used to purchase the equipment your specified in your MS Word project – the PC specifications..

This MS Access database assignment has the following parts:

a simple database table to hold provider contact information; some of the required fields in the table require that a Caption be added to the field characteristics. The Caption will be displayed in the report that is to be generated.a simple database form that can be used to enter data into the database table;two simple database reports that can used to present the data as information; anda separate MS Word document answering questions about the database.


